Dandelions growing
on top of the hill,
Mountains in the distance,
wind blowing through the field,
Warmth of the sun
casting down from the sky,
Birds fly up above,
Clouds rolling by—
What did I do
To see such beauty?
And what do I do
To show how much I care?
I’ve got to be thankful,
Tell Jehovah in prayer
That I’m thankful
For the love that he shares.
Stop,
look around,
Take a moment,
and let it sink down in my heart.
Never take for granted
all he’s done.
I’ve got to be thankful.
So many colors
now painted in the sky,
What a beautiful canvas
you’ve laid before my eyes!
The sound of the river
running into the night,
The stars are dancing
in the moon’s spotlight—
What did I do
To see such beauty?
But I know what to do
To show how much I care.
I’ve got to be thankful,
Tell Jehovah in prayer
That I’m thankful
For the love that he shares.
Stop,
look around,
Take a moment,
and let it sink down in my heart.
Never take for granted
all he’s done.
I’ve got to be thankful.
I see your wisdom
and your strength,
Your goodness in ev’rything,
And how much you love.
And I’m so thankful;
I’ve got to be thankful.
I’ve got to be thankful,
Tell Jehovah in prayer
That I’m thankful
For the love that he shares.
Stop,
look around,
Take a moment,
and let it sink down in my heart.
Never take for granted
all he’s done.
I’ve got to be thankful.
We’ve got to be thankful.